_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "Welcome to My Research Page"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

## About Me

I am a researcher specialising in fluid dynamics, leveraging a strong background in high-performance computing to employ advanced simulations and data analytics. My work aims to deepen our understanding of complex fluid systems, contributing to the broader field of applied mathematics and engineering.

---

## Academic Background

- **PhD in Fluid Dynamics**
  - **Institution:** University of Southampton
  - **Research Focus:** Investigated the effect of roughness on the hydrodynamics of aquatic locomotion, particularly exploring whether fish scales improve swimming efficiency.
  - **Key Findings:** Provided new insights into the role of surface texture in reducing drag and enhancing propulsion in aquatic environments.
  - **Thesis Link:** [My PhD Thesis](files/massey_phd_thesis_FINAL-archival.pdf)

---

## Current Research

- **Postdoctoral Researcher at Stanford University**
  - **Research Group:** [Name of the Research Group or Lab]
  - **Project Focus:** Examining and modelling the impact of large-scale fluctuations on sub-convective pressure and wall shear stress.
  - **Objectives:**
    - Analyse linear and nonlinear contributions to sub-convective pressure fluctuations.
    - Investigate the origin of sub-convective shear stress fluctuations, particularly wall-normal velocity gradients at the wall.
    - Understand the spatial origins and underlying nonlinear interactions that excite these fluctuations.
  - **Methodology:** Utilise a hybrid approach combining scaled mid-Reynolds number DNS results with high Reynolds number experimental data.

---

## Research Interests

- Fluid Dynamics
- High-Performance Computing
- Advanced Simulations and Data Analytics
- Hydrodynamics of Aquatic Locomotion
- Wall Shear Stress and Pressure Fluctuations
- Nonlinear Dynamics and Interactions

---

## Publications and Contributions

- [List of recent publications with links]
- [Notable conference presentations and talks]
- [Collaborations and projects]

---

## Contact Me

I am always interested in discussing new research ideas, collaborations, and potential applications of fluid dynamics in various fields. Feel free to reach out to me through [your preferred contact method or contact form link].

---

Thank you for visiting my research page. Stay tuned for updates on my latest work and findings in the fascinating field of fluid dynamics.

Commit message:

Added talks, no links yet

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "Welcome to My Research Page"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

## About Me

I am a researcher specialising in fluid dynamics, leveraging a strong background in high-performance computing to employ advanced simulations and data analytics. My work aims to deepen our understanding of complex fluid systems, contributing to the broader field of applied mathematics and engineering.

---


## Current Research

- **Postdoctoral Researcher at Stanford University**
  - **Research Group:** Center for Turbulence Research
  - **PI:** [Prof. Beverley J. McKeon](https://me.stanford.edu/people/beverley-mckeon)
  - **Project Focus:** Examining and modelling the impact of large-scale fluctuations on sub-convective pressure and wall shear stress.
  - **Objectives:**
    - Analyse linear and nonlinear contributions to sub-convective pressure fluctuations.
    - Investigate the origin of sub-convective shear stress fluctuations, particularly wall-normal velocity gradients at the wall.
    - Understand the spatial origins and underlying nonlinear interactions that excite these fluctuations.
  - **Methodology:** Utilise a hybrid approach combining scaled mid-Reynolds number DNS results with high Reynolds number experimental data.

---

## Research Interests

- Fluid Dynamics
- High-Performance Computing
- Aquatic Locomotion
- Wall Shear Stress and Pressure Fluctuations
- Surface textures
- Resolvent analysis

---
## Academic Background

- **PhD in Fluid Dynamics**
  - **Institution:** University of Southampton
  - **Research Focus:** Investigated the effect of roughness on the hydrodynamics of aquatic locomotion, particularly exploring whether fish scales improve swimming efficiency.
  - **Key Findings:** Provided new insights into the role of surface texture in reducing drag and enhancing propulsion in aquatic environments.
  - **Thesis Link:** [My PhD Thesis](files/massey_phd_thesis_FINAL-archival.pdf)
  - **Supervisors:** [Prof. Gabriel D. Weymouth](https://weymouth.github.io/) and [Prof. Bharathram Ganapathisubramani](https://www.southampton.ac.uk/people/5x7wcj/professor-bharath-ganapathisubramani)  

---

## Recent Publications

#### Massey, J., Ganapathisubramani, B., & Weymouth, G. (2023). A systematic investigation into the effect of roughness on self-propelled swimming plates. *Journal of Fluid Mechanics*, 971, A39. [doi:10.1017/jfm.2023.703](https://doi.org/10.1017/jfm.2023.703)
- Examined the impact of egg-carton surface roughness on the hydrodynamics of Self-Propelled Swimming (SPS) bodies.
- Identified that decreasing roughness wavelength necessitates higher undulation speeds to counteract drag, leading to higher energy costs and reduced swimming efficiency.
- Revealed that roughness can significantly enhance flow enstrophy without corresponding force spikes, indicating induced secondary flow structures extending to the boundary layer edge.

#### Massey, J., Symon, S., Ganapathisubramani, B., & Weymouth, G. (2024). Resolvent analysis of a swimming foil. **Under preparation for** *Journal of Fluid Mechanics*
- Investigates and develops the Data-Driven resolvent analysis framework.
- Applied a novel coordinate transform to study the boundary-layer of moving bodies.
- Reveals the dominant unstable modes of undulatory swimming.

---

## Contact Me

I am always interested in discussing new research ideas, collaborations, and potential applications of fluid dynamics in various fields. Feel free to reach out to me through masseyj@stanford.edu.

---

Thank you for visiting my research page. Stay tuned for updates on my latest work and findings in the fascinating field of fluid dynamics.
